[FLINK-36899][state/forst] Introduce metrics for forst cache (#25884)
apache/flink: docs/content.zh/docs/ops/metrics.md

### RocksDB
Certain RocksDB native metrics are available but disabled by default, you can find full documentation [here]({{< ref "docs/deployment/config" >}}#rocksdb-native-metrics)

### ForStDB
<table class="table table-bordered">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th class="text-left" style="width: 18%">Scope</th>
      <th class="text-left" style="width: 26%">Metrics</th>
      <th class="text-left" style="width: 48%">Description</th>
      <th class="text-left" style="width: 8%">Type</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <th rowspan="4"><strong>Task/Operator</strong></th>
      <td>forst.fileCache.hit</td>
      <td>The hit count of ForSt state backend cache.</td>
      <td>Counter</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>forst.fileCache.miss</td>
      <td>The miss count of ForSt state backend cache.</td>
      <td>Counter</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>forst.fileCache.usedBytes</td>
      <td>The bytes cached in ForSt state backend cache.</td>
      <td>Gauge</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>forst.fileCache.remainingBytes</td>

>       <td>The free bytes remaining in ForSt state backend cache. Only available when space based cache is enabled. </td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <td>The remaining space in the volumn for the configured cache. Only available when 'state.backend.forst.cache.reserve-size' is set above 0. </td>
```
